everybody welcome back to northern land
please abiding mines gantry plus we've
been driven play all right we may be no
God don't give me the keeper right well
okay it's apollyon again crazy talk but
user cqd six to eight 4k six with soy
milk right off the bat so it's gonna be
one of these huh sure I could have
voided it but where's the fun in that
sure I could have waited to see if I got
something that made soy milk work and
then picked up a soy milk after where's
the fun in that I like chew morning
myself into this unfortunate situation
instead either way maybe we survived you
know there but for the grace of whatever
deity you choose to believe in or
support on our last run we did get res
by guppies collar twice it's not like we
got res six times you know isn't 25%
chance of being Reds twice so we didn't
win the lottery we just got a little
lucky come Oh what is up buddy oh no
baby what is you doing this cats out of
control wonder what it's like when
you're a cat and you get that that
feeling you know if you've never owned
cats there's like once per day roughly
they just start running around like they
jumping on everything running from one
side of the apartment to the other of
the house you know whatever container
the cat has chosen to live in and don't
get it twisted you didn't choose the cat
shows
when it's just like a like an over waves
like hunger it's an overwhelming need to
just run and scratch up our hardwood and
probably lose the pet deposit that we
put on this apartment I don't know maybe
we'll see we'll take it up when we move
out either way what am i hoping for a
year it's easy dude Libra in an item
room is a game winner we have that soy
milk Libra a couple of times it's the
dream synergy and it has happened
there's always the chance that with the
most recent booster back and patch maybe
they took soy milk out of the special
items honestly that's pretty good and
they put it in its own like normal pool
or not its own pool but a normal pool
but probably not if we're being honest
so I would still expect to have a little
bit of a hard time finding yeah finding
big items as a result of the fact that
we have seen an item that sort of thinks
but we took anyway um these guys are
nasty dude no okay well I mean I
genuinely tried on that one XJ wtk to 8
B obviously that's a big loss I kind of
want you to just murder me I'm kind of
sick of dealing with enemies this is a
very simple of luxury I'm sick of
dealing enemies would just rush us down
dealing with enemies I should say on
that room mil the decision that we I
think we're dead no we're not dead
the decision that we made that got us
killed was not playing badly on that
room like honestly I thought we dodged
pretty well in that room okay don't make
this a three death video it was taking
soy milk but that's where I find solace
honestly because I want to be the guy
who takes oink in his first item room
there's no there's no pleasure well this
pleasure to some extent the luck and
range upgrade
there's no danger in just being like ok
that's soy milk
a fun item that I won't take cuz I'm
lettin Isaac adult I don't have fun in
Isaac anymore
I'm just clapping bangers from the blue
line scoring 50 goals of season you know
Dany Heatley I want to be the guy who
takes bad fun items and tries to make
them work because if we had won that run
it would have been worth 10 wins in my
world so life goes on I'm not too salty
about it
I do wish big million laughs girls oh
okay this is like we're in some
full-blown is an L okay territory I
don't really have an excuse for that one
I mean I do have an excuse but I don't
want to say the excuses that we got hit
by a champion I'm like a
one-in-a-million shot but now this is
you know I take pleasure in having lost
the streak and then getting another loss
directly after it okay but like these
dodges are they brain this is so weird
to me because they're just like my
identity and Isaac is going through such
ups and downs like my consistency is at
an all-time low first off did I get like
a static champion belt that applies to
every single run that I do in this game
at this point or something because I'm
losing my freakin mind
there's a million champions however what
was I going to say
I forgot oh I've been doing if you
ignore a couple of recent dailies on the
most recent of all dailies I've been
doing fine a really pre well top 250 top
100 you know cup of goose cup of Cris as
Dan says I don't really know what that
means but I'll defend of the death is
right to say it
three cents okay not that valuable and
then I come over here and I'm like Judas
the character I played 250 times still
illiterate until I'm dead you know where
does that come from I don't know it's a
lack of focus a little bit of you know
clumping variance or something like that
giving me these mad champions this run
though I can feel it coming
tonight Oh Lord we got it the pressure
is on though because when you die early
you're like well it's not going to be a
great episode for gameplay so I really
got to bring the heat in the commentary
so uh oh jeez what it got him okay let's
move on now I'm not going to sweat that
too much you know losing a two streak is
effectively worth zero so you're never
supposed to like do that but I'm going
to anyway because if we if we can't win
the run on the first crack we might as
well embrace the same right so now I
don't know whether we sucked up the d6
or book of sin I am mad we sort of saw
things manifest there we sucked up the
d6 it turned into the book of sin and
then we sucked that up too so I will
know when we use void if it gives us a
consumable then we have a book of sin as
well as the d6 presumably so I might
just use it just to confirm or deny that
we're in that position dubious start to
these runs dude yeah we don't want this
anyway so it got rear old we did not get
it consumable but we did get a luck and
damage upgrade I don't know where we're
at here I'm trying to I guess we suck
the item as we reroll it is my current
interpretation so like there let's let's
walk it through step by step we had torn
way no we didn't have torn photo we had
the match book he's freaking guys man we
had the match book we sucked it up it
rear old it but sucked it up
simultaneously it rear old it into torn
photo but we didn't suck up torn photo
we sucked up matchbook I think like the
d6 effect we're not going to know how
the d6 affect way not well maybe that's
correct
I don't think we're going to know how
the d6 effect works until we use it on a
new space bar item like the only thing
we view what a shot from this guy the
only thing we've used the d6 on is
itself from a space bar item perspective
so I want to like you know get a book
and then reroll it as we suck it up and
see what happens see if we get the
effect of the book the other thing is we
should know like immediately whether or
not we do so yeah feeling like I've lost
my Isaac mojo on this run to some extent
but you know in a way it's good not that
we've lost our mojo but that we have a
baseline of badness as long as I don't
lose three runs in the same video it
can't be as bad as that Judas run that
Judas video I should say okay we found
the secret room which is incredible
but we did see there that we sucked up
doctors remote which means that the d6
only rerolls it after we suck it up I
was really hoping we'd suck up the space
bar item re-roll it and if it's a
passive we get a stat bonus but that's a
little unrealistic as opposed well it is
only monstro it's all right MA I'm only
monstro
we're not going to be able to take too
many deals of the devil you know there's
a narrow slice of deals with the devil
that can work for us right now obviously
if you got like mom's knife or brimstone
we probably all those are 2h or sorry -
too hard deal so we might not be able to
but let's see what we get here you can
just like drop a battery charge that'd
be pretty good for me so I could you
know continue to probably self-sabotage
with this void item here right no deal
with the devil that's right
I made some poor decisions with respect
to damage earlier okay so let's play the
rest of the floor as if we're still
going to you know get a deal with the
devil on the next floor which means are
going to come in here I'm going to play
this twice I'm going to play it one more
time as I want to get to 15 cents this
also allows us to get into the okay it
also allows us to get into the boss trap
room have a gamble on you we got one
luck my favorite NOS song and then the
idea was we hope to get a key there we
didn't that's okay then got this looking
for red hearts pennies not bad
we're going to come in here when I pop
this range down obviously not what I was
hoping for gurgling first think you stay
away from the red chest until you kill
gurgling 'he's he killed gurglings see
that's prequel means bringing it back
here pretty much single-handedly
responsible for the rise of that
subreddit mmm a surprise but a welcome
one
okay let's go it's just pin we're alive
but you know do we deserve to be is that
the question if so who answers we want
to suck that up but in order to suck it
up we probably need to get a key from
finishing this so that we can get into
our shop
not gonna happen
okay well we've already been to our
secret room we're taking away too much
time here by the way
one bomb is not enough to get through
the spirit hearts that are necessary or
sorry the tinted rocks that are
necessary to get to that tinted rock in
the bathrooms we play this two more
times we blow this up we're looking for
a key we didn't get a key
we got another penny as bad we're moving
on and at least some things have worked
out for us on this floor you know we've
lived because the grace of those spirit
hearts that showed up so lucky yes we've
got a 100% deal with the devil chance
for now and we do have doctors remotes
sucked up but that's not a good reason
to use the void there's a key of course
one so there was a key that showed up at
the least important opportunity then
world what jeez Louise hear this see
this is how I know that like you hear
your voice and I mean this is the fact
but you hear your voice differently than
other people here due to the fact that
you're hearing it like through the bones
in your skull because my crash test
dummies impression in my head sounds a
hundred percent perfect and then people
go that impressions pretty bad and I go
well on the other hand it's perfect and
you're wrong clock in now there was a
real Jim he would not because Sidney
smart as Austin says it's a little more
of a Randy Newman I don't even know like
it's not like I'm a hundred years old
but I don't know people even know the
crash test dummies that well anymore
they were a huge band there's I believe
they're from Manitoba Canada
and I say I believe because I want to
you know gloss over the fact that of
course I read that on their Wikipedia
page like less than two months ago but
you know they were very famous for that
song once there was an X that
idiosyncrasies made it do this weird
thing Y and then Z know is drama drama
this is the hook mm-hmm you know that's
the you could write your own verse
generator pretty easily I feel just like
a mad libs page or something also if
you're like I don't know that song well
have you seen Dumb and Dumber they got a
song on that soundtrack to Jane Gothel
Peter Pumpkinhead
fan fan and fan and fan and fan and fan
him you know how I know that it's in
that movie because I've seen it a
hundred times because Jim Carrey's in it
another that movies basically Canadian
as far as I'm concerned it was made in
America with an American crew Jeff
Daniels is American but Jim Carrey and
the crash test dummies really were the
two big unifying factors of that film
okay
I mean like this run is not that bad but
Oh
first off I'm eating crap on like all
these situations here which is mostly my
own fault but secondly okay like look at
our item tracker admittedly I sucked up
items which is why they're not in the
item tracker and one of those actually
led to a damage upgrade which is awesome
look at the speed on this guy he can't
be stopped that was madness like I know
that we've just compromised our deal
with the devil again but did you see the
speed on that individual I have one
speed that's not that bad this guy was
South Beach bringing the heat Miami by
Will Smith okay we got one fine just
work our way out of this look on a
statistical basis this run doesn't look
that bad but we're 11 minutes on the
flooded caves one I would say that sort
of thing is bad baby so we have to go
back because oh no wait it's not that
far thankfully but you know where we're
really feeling the burn now is like all
those oh my god Liberty Cap you're the
greatest double our rate of fire to take
one damage off that's a freakin monkeys
paws situation I can live with should
never play chicken with these guys but
no chicken tonight with my popcorn no
chicken tonight the mod stream like this
is how you should know that this runs
fudged up in like every which way
oh my god
okay we've lived we got a half red heart
life is like a box of chocolates my
momma told me go to school get my
doctorate something something sensible
you can profit with but still supported
me when I did the opposite
Kanye West again good work I got to be
quiet like I'm realizing that my
incredibly cogent and hilarious
commentary might be the reason I'm like
losing focus here in some situations
let's go Pokemon's is okay I mean
there's a lot of stuff in there that's
interesting
you take the quarter for certain we have
a bet Harry charge if we have a battery
charge you might as well just in we can
get a battery charge I think we should
embrace tranquility here what I mean by
that is by the omega penny
I'm calling it the Omega penny again by
the way screw you buddy by the Omega
penny and then try to use the D six
Omega penny void combo to I don't know I
feel like it might rip a hole in the
fabric of the space-time continuum but I
need to do it nonetheless I don't really
understand how it's going to work but
I'm going to choose not to worry about
it and just focus on the stat upgrades
that I'm hoping to achieve and about
pokey mans as well because I wanted I
wanted to and I don't think he trusts in
my self-righteous suicide I cry when
angels deserve to die oh jeez okay so
did we didn't get any stat upgrades at
all there but we should have the Omega
penny aka the crooked penny in our void
like stored in our void item right now
which is you know scary but also pretty
dope it's one of the most powerful space
bar items if you know the odds are in
your favor
I'm excited that's just what we needed
before this boss fight so we're about
four minutes late leaving this floor not
a great sign from being honest
once there was an Isaac run I thought I
would do a quick one just before I
streamed in when my stats were garbage
I realized that I'd be late and get
yelled at by Chad I'm excited too soon
what what am I supposed to do he's too
fast come on
36 percent chance to deal with the devil
brimstone
come on nanny-state give me a job
I'm ready he's done it we need it and
then you know embrace the absurdity just
go for it dude we got our HP back
we got a rate of fire increase and
didn't lose damage rate of fire increase
speed and lucky increase no damage
downgrade I'll take it
so like the run is still not very good
but rotten baby is a huge help and our
speed upgrade gives us a fighting chance
of actually dodging enemies that rush us
down okay but like kind of squander it
oh I'm excited carries over floor to
floor so that's pretty good
good thing I'm drowsy is a corresponding
pill with the same effect but in a
positive direction for us like I'm
always getting these I'm drowsy pills
and being like thank God I got I'm
drowsy it's such a good pill anyway
we're on one HP so that's terrifying
never should have come in that direction
never should have spent my keys either
on a room that just contained trinkets
like I don't think we need champion belt
I think the champions have been belted
enough for one day
Liberty caps good was there anything
else in there that could have saved this
no okay well we just got to play well
it's reassuring but also terrifying
based on our performance thus far there
you go now that you've cleared it's like
a freaking Rubik's Cube you know we
solved the one corner the rest of it
just falls into place we just got to do
the right algorithm here good stuff now
give me some red hearts or a key
mr.bad room bring me a key bring me a
key Wong's there was a key that showed
up that an opportune time then won me
the game coos okay nothing huh well
smart decision or at least lucky
decision to come to the item room here
all right item room come to the big room
here because the big room has thankfully
given me a very fairly predictable set
of enemies that are easy to kill and a
pill we can't do anything with
who exploding enemies huh no the worst
part about it is that like every single
one of these has an excuse that my first
instinct is to fall back on but I won't
share in the picked up a soy milk second
one we just got hit third one very
understanded I mean we're 18 minutes on
the caves too but good lord man they
like amp up the champions in the game
prick they recently added more hoppers
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button upside a great deal of
course subscribe you want some more in
the future I apologize for my idiocy and
I'll see you next time with my head
screwed on straight I promise code